{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25100\viewh12880\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl384\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'a0---------Task Description ---------
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl384\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 Your objective is to translate a typical load profile (see \'91Load_Profile.csv\'92) of a portable device into a cycle life test protocol that can be run on a battery cycling equipment.\'a0
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl384\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 Load Profile Details:
\fs24 \

\fs32 (a) This load profile in real life is repeated twice a day (e.g. use in the morning and in the evening).\'a0
\fs24 \

\fs32 (b) After use, the device remains in standby for 30 min and then turns off completely.
\fs24 \

\fs32 (c) It is expected that this routine will be repeated day after day and represents the majority of consumer behavior.
\fs24 \

\fs32 (d) The consumer will fully re-charge the device once it indicates that the battery is depleted.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl384\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 Battery Pack Details:
\fs24 \

\fs32 (a) 1S2P configuration
\fs24 \

\fs32 (b) A single cell inside the battery pack has a nominal capacity of 1800 mAh
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl384\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 Electronic System Details:
\fs24 \

\fs32 (a) Charge termination voltage of the battery pack\'a0 is at 4.20 V at a taper current of 90 mA
\fs24 \

\fs32 (b) Charge current of the battery pack is 2500 mA
\fs24 \

\fs32 (c) Discharge termination voltage of the battery pack is at 3.0 V under load
\fs24 \

\fs32 (d) Standby current is around 150 mA
\fs24 \

\fs32 (e) OFF state current consumption is around 0.1 mA
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl384\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 Cell Cycle Life Requirements:
\fs24 \

\fs32 (a) \uc0\u8805  600 cycles (representing more than 5 years of product life)
\fs24 \

\fs32 (b) Time to complete cycle life test should not exceed 9 months
\fs24 \

\fs32 (c) The cycle life should start with 2 characterization cycles (1st characterization cycle with a constant current load of 0.2C, 2nd characterization cycle for steady state resistance measurements at various SOC levels (in the test protocol this could be just called \'91SSR-cycle\'92 and requires no further programming information).
\fs24 \

\fs32 (d) Both characterization cycles should be repeated after cycle 50, 100, 150, 200, 300, 400, 500, 600 (characterization cycles count as full cycles in the total cycle count of the test)
\fs24 \

\fs32 (e) The cycle life test should run at 25 \'b0C only
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl384\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 Deliverables:
\fs24 \

\fs32 (1) A simple description of how you translated the load profile into a simplified discharge profile. Explanations what simplifications you have chosen and with what reasoning and potential risks (if any).
\fs24 \

\fs32 (2) A flow chart of the cycle life test including charge and discharge steps, rest steps, loops and a representation of the repeating characterization cycles.
\fs24 \

\fs32 (3) A \'91cycle_life_script.*\'92 created either with the battery cycler software of your choice or if you don\'92t have access to such software an MS-Excel, Google Sheet or CSV file similar to the provided \'91test_protocol_template.*\'92 file (if a cycler software was used and the file cannot be exported into a excel or CVS file, please provide the software you used and a short instruction how to install it and load the \'91cycle_life_script.*\'92). Well written comments for each major step of the protocol is appreciated to understand your approach of converting all the given information into a valid cycle life test protocol.
\fs24 \

\fs32 (4) A short description of how you may improve the effectiveness of the script.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl384\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 Please also provide an estimate on how your time was divided (e.g. 1 h load profile analysis, 2 h simplification of load profile, 1 h flow chart, 1 h scripting, 1 h documentation).
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl384\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 The task is designed to be completed in no more than 8 hours. We will evaluate your translation approach of the load profile into a simplified discharge test protocol. We will also evaluate your cycle life test protocol based on completeness, accuracy and efficiency.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\
\
\
}